Old man, when you wake up, I have to ask you something
That's where we don't look like adults at all
Do you think someone took your life after you posted the information online?
My adults are ambiguous
It cost him tens of millions in just a few days
But I don't always feel normal
The little master was hit by a car
Brother, I'm in the hospital now.
I'm at Jiangcheng Second Hospital
Where are you?
We are at Jiangcheng First Hospital
Mom, I'm so scared.
When I got hit by a car, I thought I'd never see you again
It's okay, the doctor checked it out.
You have a slight head injury.
You can leave the hospital after two days of rest.
I'm just afraid
Silly boy understands you are there
Mom, I got the jade pendant back.
The people from my hometown brought it back for me, please take a look.
I have seen it.
What wasn't there that year?
I never doubted it.
Don't think about it.
It's all over
It's okay mom
I never want to be separated from you again
Ok we will never be apart